welcome to serious spoilers today i will
share in crime thriller movie from 2017
titled
all the money in the world
spoilers ahead
watch and enjoy as the film opens john
paul getty 3 is wandering the streets of
rome at night he encounters some
prostitutes who notice that he's really
young so they encourage him to go back
to his family even though he insists
that he's not a boy
as he's wandering away a van pulls up
alongside the streets where he's walking
some men get out of the van and abduct
paul
the film flashes back a few years to
paul as a child
his mother gail and father john paul
getty jr are struggling to raise their
children
john jr is estranged from his father
john paul getty senior the richest man
in the world up to that point
gail convinces john jr to re-establish
contact with his father which he does by
writing a letter
sometime later john jr gets a telegram
from his father urging john jr to come
to rome for a new job opportunity the
whole family makes the trip and meets
getty senior at his hotel room where
they find clothes hanging in the
bathroom
getty senior tells the family that he
prefers to dry his own clothes rather
than to spend some money on having the
hotel staff do it
the family moves to rome where john jr
begins working for the getty oil company
years later this leads to john jr
becoming addicted to drugs and sleeping
with other women gail pursues a divorce
from john jr
as gail deals with getty senior over the
divorce gail wants child support but
getty senior does not want gail to have
anything since everything comes from his
money gail negotiates and eventually
decides to forget about the child
support so that she can have the divorce
cut to the present time
the kidnappers want 17 million dollars
for paul's safe return
they first call gail but she tells them
that she doesn't have any money they
don't believe her since her last name is
getty so naturally they believe she is
rich
the main kidnapper cinquanta convinces
gail to ask eddie senior for the money
after news of the kidnapping reaches
getty senior in a live tv interview he
publicly declares that he won't pay
anything for paul's safe return
rationalizing that if he were to do so
he would have 14 kidnapped grandchildren
instead of just one
gail leaves a message with getty
senior's assistant telling him that
she's on her way to see him
after reading the message getty senior
tells his assistant to call in fletcher
chase
chase is getty senior's top advisor who
also used to work for the cia gail goes
to get his mansion in while waiting he
meets chase getty talks with chase and
tells him to find out what is happening
with the kidnapping but that chase is
not to pay anything for paul's return
some time later gail gets a call from
the local authorities telling her that
they have found her son and asks her to
come down and identify his dead body at
the morgue gail looks at the body and
realizes that it is not paul
gail tells chase that the body is that
of an older man later revealed to be the
kidnapper whose face was seen by paul
the kidnapper was killed because of his
mistake
chase has forensics done on the body and
the police find out that the dead
kidnapper has had priors in the past
they also see a list of his known
associates which include cinquanta the
local authorities track the kidnappers
to the compound where they've been
holding paul
the authorities storm the base and kill
three kidnappers
after looking throughout the building
they find out that paul has been moved
cinquana has sold paul to a local crime
family the new crime family relocates
paul to another compound
there paul creates a fire in a nearby
brush by throwing a small lit piece of
paper out the window of the room he's
being held in
the kidnappers are celebrating in the
compound so as the fire burns paul uses
an old piano to break through a boarded
door in the back of the room he's in
paul escapes as the kidnappers are
distracted cinquana sees paul as he's
escaping but chooses not to tell the
others since he's come to care for paul
paul makes it to the road and flags down
a car
the driver is a local police officer who
takes paul to his home
there paul uses the phone to call his
mother
gail begins to talk to paul but before
paul can tell her where he's at the
kidnappers arrive to take paul back
it is unclear whether they just happened
to find paul or if the police officer
tipped the kidnappers off to his
location
since more weeks go by without the
ransom being paid the kidnappers decide
to cut off paul's right ear and mail it
to a newspaper
gail again tries to reason with getty
which works
he agrees to give her the money only if
she signs off all ownership of her
children to him
she gives in but later on gail and chase
find out that getty is only going to
give them one million dollars since
that's the most that he can give and
have it be tax deductible
chase continues to negotiate with
cinquanta
chase goes to c getty where he angrily
tells getty that all of the security
that getty has is because of him and
that there's nothing that could stop
chase from harming getty chase goes on
to say that despite getty having all the
money in the world he's still just a man
after this exchange getty has a change
of heart and wires gail the full amount
of the ransom which has been negotiated
down to four million dollars
he has also voided the contract with
gail choosing for her to continue to
have authority over the children gail
and chase follow the kidnappers
instructions on the money drop
they drive on a desolate road until a
stone cracks their car's windshield
which is assigned to stop the vehicle
they get out and unload the suitcases
containing the money onto the side of
the road
next they are instructed to continue
down the road until they reach a gas
station where they are to stop and wait
at the pay phone for further
instructions
after gail and chase take off towards
the gas station some men come out to get
the money at the gas station gail and
chase are told that paul is waiting down
the road for them however instead of
waiting where he was dropped off paul
takes off towards the nearest town
when gail and chase arrive they don't
see paul but they conclude he took off
towards the town
at the kidnappers hideout they count the
money but helicopters soon arrive and
they deduce that chase has betrayed them
the leader gives the order to find paul
and kill him paul goes through the empty
closed town trying to get someone to
help but since it's night all the shops
are closed and people are hesitant to
help paul when he appeals to them for
help
gail and chase arrive at the town and
begin looking for paul
soon after them the kidnappers along
with cinquanta arrive at the town too
chase spots paul but paul runs away paul
runs into one of the kidnappers who
almost kills paul until cinquana knocks
the man out and allows paul to go
gail and chase get paul out of the town
and they head back
as this is happening getty wakes up from
sleep sweating and rambling he soon dies
staring at a painting he had recently
bought for 1.5 million dollars
daddy has left his entire fortune to his
grandchildren which leaves gail as the
executor of the estate she proceeds to
sell all of the various pieces of art
that getty had collected
an end title card states that most of
the art getty collected now resides in
the getty museum in los angeles
what did you think of the movie
i want to hear your comments below
thanks everyone for watching
don't forget to subscribe
until the next spoiler